Game Title: Dominion
(Game based on Sword Rush from Double Click)
(Beta and Test will be made on Unity)

Genre: FPS/Competitive

Control:
    Holding left-click while dragging the mouse will cause the sword to follow the mouse's movement depending on the 
    hero's movement speed. Moving the mouse normally causes the user's view to change. Holding right-click while dragging 
    the mouse triggers a guard, its time is based on your hero's defense and won't block all the damage. 
    While blocking you cannot attack, there is a short cooldown when shifting between guard and attack. 
    If your guard breaks you will be stunned for a short-while. During this time you cannot attack, use skills/ultimates, 
    or guard. Quicly double-tapping any of the movement keys causes you to dodge, a dodge is diving out of the way making you 
    harder to hit. After dodging there is a short time before you can attack or use skills, however you can still block.
    WASD is used for movement. Space-bar is jump(hero's have different jump heights.) Left-Shift is default crouch/slide. 
    Left-control is default sprint. All key-binds are completely customizable.


Game Play Description:
    5v5 Sword Combat using specific heroes with roles. Tank, Dps, Healer, and Support.
    Each hero has a different range, weapon, abilities, and ultimate. (Along with some special passive abilities as well)
    The only way to win in a standard game is killing the other team. Other gamemodes, like Capture-The-Flag, 
    objective capture, and Stronghold-Assault have their own ways of winning. Capture the flag as the name implies is 
    to capture the flag and return it to your base twice. Flags are dropped when the holder dies or is stunned.
    Once dropped if not picked up by the opposing team Flags return to base after 10 seconds.
    Objective Capture is also relatively simple, both teams try to keep control of a site for a designated time.
    The more teammates on the objective the faster the countdown drops. If any number of both teams 
    are on the site at the same time the countdown is stopped. Stronghold Assault is where one team tries to escort a 
    bomb along a track to the defending team's base while the defending tries to stop them. The game lasts for 5 minutes
    resetting the timer if the bomb reaches a check-point. With all the hero's you can make virtually any strategy.
    Utilize the different team compositions to gain Dominion and win the game.

    DPS: The dps is meant to deal large amounts of damage. DPS skills are meant for setting up combos or AoE damage. 
    DPS Ultimate is meant for a special attack which only works if the initial strike hits the target. 
    DPS have moderate movement speed, low support, high damage, and moderate defense. 

    Tank: The tank is meant to absorb lots of damage and prevent the support and healer from dying. Tank skills increase 
    armor/protection as well as allowing the tank to absorb the damage all the other teammates take with no choice of who.
    (Tanks can only control the when) Tank Ultimate is meant for either a quick insta-heal or a barrier that blocks attacks.
    Tanks have low movement speed, moderate support, moderate damage, and high defense.

    Healer: The healer is meant to heal the other members of the team focusing on ensuring the Tank & DPS don't die. 
    Healer skills are meant to heal a team member, provide a regen buff, short-term invisibility, or short-range teleportation. 
    Healer Ultimate is meant for reviving a teammate, healing the entire team at once, or giving lifesteal 
    to the entire team(Each time they hit an opponent they gain HP) 
    Healers have moderate movement speed, high support, moderate damage, and moderate-to-low defense.

    Support: The support is meant to de-buff enemies, buff teammates, distract enemies, and provide constant presence. 
    Support skills provide either attack, move-speed, small-regeneration, defense buffs, or counter-attacks of their own strength
    as well as giving the other team debuffs like lower attack, lower defense, attack speed, move-speed, 
    make the enemy take more damage, or stop their healing. Support Ultimate is meant for a counter-attack that 
    reflects 2x the reflected attack damage at the target, long-range movement, temporary invulnerability, or reversing 
    the targeted enemies attacks so they can hit their teammates or miss the support's team. 
    Supports have moderate-to-high movement speed, high support, low damage, and low defense.





